Notes on Constness Exercise:

1. The reason &s matches the corresponding &ncs/&cs values and other times it
   does not because for the first ncs after output it  was modified since
   it was call by reference since any changes made to the parameter are within the
   function are reflected in the original varaible outside the function. The second
   output didn't change since it was call by value where any changes within the 
   function are not reflected in the original variable outside the function.
   The last two output for non-const string didn't change as well since those were
   const for both call by value and call by reference.

2. Ncs before/after matches sometimes since the strings can be modified after it
   has been intialized where the cs before/after always match since the strings 
   cannot be modified after it has been intialized.

3. The reason the call to the overloaded_func() are different since the first call     
   is to a non costant &s while the second call is to a const &s function. That's
   why the outputs are different for the both the calls.

4. The compiler always allows s.size() to be called but sometimes rejects calls
   to s.append() since calling the size() method to a constant or to a non-constant
   string doesn't change the number of characteres inside the string. It can be
   called whether the string is constant or non-constant since it returns the
   size of the string. The append() method cannot be applied to the constant 
   object since it will be rejected by the compiler since the constant object 
   cannot be changed. It can only be applied to a non-constant object.

5. The compiler complains here but not at the next call to non_const_by_val since
   when it is passed by reference to a non-constant parameter in a function, since 
   the function might try modifying the string but it will input an error since it
   was constant before and pass by value will not show an error since it can be 
   modified without updating the original string. 
